{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green52\blue52;\red56\green56\blue56;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12840\viewh12220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Change log
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.10.1
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. internalOpenMode is honored again for non-rich media ads\
2. Don't cache links that return empty responses\

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.10.0
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. The prefix \'91MAST\'92 was added for all classes
\f2 \

\f1 2. The class AdViewInterstitial was deprecated
\f2 \

\f1 3. Add stop the world method
\f2 \

\f1 4. There was set internalOpenMode property default value to NO
\f2 \

\f1 5. The property showCloseButtonTime was added to MASTAdView
\f2 \

\f1 6. The property autoCloseInterstitialTime was added to MASTAdView
\f2 \

\f1 7. There was set isAdChangeAnimated property default value to NO
\f2 \

\f1 8. The property autoCollapse was added to MASTAdView
\f2 \

\f1 9. The property showPreviousAdOnError was added to MASTAdView
\f2 \

\f1 10. The adCallTimeOut was added to MASTAdView
\f2 \

\f1 11. Ignore content, if server returned response code != 200
\f2 \

\f1 12. The animation was turned off on expand/resize/close ORMMA methods
\f2 \

\f1 13. The sample applications were updated\

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.9.0
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. remove all 3rd parties
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. add MRAID support to SDK
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 3. add "track" property
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 4. add default close button for simple AdView control (By default close button is disabled)
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 5. remove memory leaks in XML parser
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 6. update ORMMA to latest specifications
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 7. add "useCustomClose" property to AdView control
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 8. fix issue with transparency and performance in visibleCheckerThread method
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 9. update sample applications
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.8.0
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. update ormma implementation
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. update autoclose InterstitialAdView rules
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 3. remove Rhythm, SmartAdServer and AdMob 3rd parties
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 4. add didReceiveThirdPartyRequest: method in AdViewDelegate protocol
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 5. improve threading and network communications
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.7.0
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. new ormma implementation 
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. remove adsType property
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 3. fix crash with CGRectZero frame
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 4. add new method for ormma events in AdViewDelegate protocol
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 5. add handlers for new server error response
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 6. fix unclickable  iAds
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.6.3
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. add support for Retina display
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. add property Type
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 3. mark adsType property as deprecated
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 4. add logger levels
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 5. add mcc and mnc auto detect parameters
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 6. handle empty server response as special error in AdViewDelegate protocol
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 7. fix initWithFrame: constructor
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 8. fix detecting content size with contentSize property
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 9. update sample applications
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.6.2
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. fix gps params detection.
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.6.1
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. fix not touchable ads on big ipad views after rotation.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. fix sdk crash on huge number of touches on ads
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.6.0
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. fix SDK crash on setting background color with system texture.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. add contentSize property to AdView and AdInterstitialView
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 3. add documentation XCode install script
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 4. add parameters validation
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 5. add iPad sample application
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 6. fix Internal browser navigation panel position on iPad
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 7. update Rhythm SDK
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.5.4
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. fix NSRunLoop bug.
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.5.3
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. Transparent banners superimposed to each other while animateMode=NO bug fixed
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. Several requests with same time use one server response bug fixed
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 3. Log message with URL appears in console but logMode isn't YES bug fixed
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 4. Incorrect backgroundColor and textColor sent to server bug fixed
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 5. Three20 library removed
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.5.2
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. Disable location auto detect by default (also disable Rhythm SDK by default)
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. update documentation
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 3. fix bugs in InternalBrowser
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 4. update sample application
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 5. add several redirects support
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.5.1
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. Add direct links support (AppStore/iTunes/Maps/sms/mailto/tel)
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. update AdViewDelegate protocol
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.5
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. Add ORMMA support
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. fix js banner bug
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 3. update sample app
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 4. remove autoShow property
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 5. add contentAlignment
\f4\fs28 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0  
\f1\fs24 \cf3 \CocoaLigature1 property
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 6. update documentation
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.4.2
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. Optimize transparency support to AdView
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. Improve internal browser
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 3. update sample app
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.4.1
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. Add transparency support to AdView
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.4
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. Update Millennial SDK to 4.2.5
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. Change SDK integration method
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 3. Add 3rd party SDK enable/disable option
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 4. Add location services enable/disable option
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 5. bug fixes
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 6. Remove Medialets SDK
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.3
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. ORMMA Level 1.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. Longitude & Latitude property.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 3. Define properties in UIWebView allowsInlineMediaPlayback as YES and mediaPlaybackRequiresUsersAction as NO.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 4. Update AdMob 3rd party SDK.1. update internal browser.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 5. Logging LocationManager state.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.2
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. Resolve special references.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. Auto close Interstitial if his content is nil or if server response is <invalid params>.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 3. White-label SDK.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 v2.1.1
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. update internal browser.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. add video ads auto play/pause support using view visibility.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 3. improv 3rd part SDKs integration (Google AdMob, Millennial, Greystripe).
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.1.0
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. add version with 3rd party SDKs.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. fix memory bugs.
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.0.5
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. update sample application.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. improve interstitial displaying.
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.0.4
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. add appledoc based documantation
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.0.3
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. fix minor bugs.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. add isLoding property
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v2.0.0
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. change public API.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. fix memory leaks.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 3. improve threading.
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 v1.7.10
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. change request escape method\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 v1.7.9
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. critical bugfix (sometimes html ad is't drawing on screen).
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. improve logging.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 3. add Debug sample in Advanced section of AdCatalog sample app.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 4. fix logic when server response with no data.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 v1.7.8
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. update iAd integration
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. update AdCatalog app icons.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 3. run AdCatalog with native resolution for iPad
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 4. update Developer Guide for 1.7.8
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 5. add html documentation (Class Reference)
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 6. fix critical memory bug
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 7. improve UI (Interstitial positions, update animations)
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 8. improve threading\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 v1.7.7
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. Fix js IAD customer problem.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. Remove pixel and key param.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 3. Improve full screen webview appearance.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 4. Update all 3rd party sdk's\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 v1.7.6
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. add new Ad property - BOOL autoRoatation (enable disable full screen web view auto rotation)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 v1.7.5
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. add full orientations support
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. add orientation demo in AdCatalog sample
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 3. critical bug fix.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 v1.7.4
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. fix UIWebView bug ((clear WebView immediately after close)).
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2. change project and library name to mOceanSDK.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 3. change callback interfaces declaration
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 4. change sample app name to AdCatalog
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 5. update default params for url.
\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 6. add auto detect carrier name. (CoreTelephony framework required, documentation will be updated)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 v1.7.3
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. add 3rd partl libraries headers to SDK\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 v1.7.2
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1. fix trackUrl bug\
}